docs(flags): add index flag docs for javascript (#11971)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/feature-flags/index.mdx

---
title: Set Up Feature Flags
sidebar_order: 7000
notSupported:
  - javascript.aws-lambda
  - javascript.azure-functions
  - javascript.bun
  - javascript.capacitor
  - javascript.cloudflare
  - javascript.connect
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.deno
  - javascript.electron
  - javascript.express
  - javascript.fastify
  - javascript.gcp-functions
  - javascript.hapi
  - javascript.koa
  - javascript.nestjs
  - javascript.nodejs
  - javascript.wasm

> description: "Learn how to set up feature flag evaluation tracking and feature flag change tracking."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to set up feature flag evaluation and change tracking."
```

> description: "Learn how to set up feature flag evaluation tracking and feature flag change tracking."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to set up feature flag evaluation and feature flag change tracking."
```

---

<Alert level="info" title="Currently in Beta">

> The support for **feature flag change tracking** and **feature flag evaluation tracking** is currently in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The support for **feature flag change tracking** and **feature flag evaluation tracking** is currently in closed beta. If you'd like to be added to the beta, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/EeNwTepvVwt7poAJ8).
```

Reviewer 2: @jas-kas They'll see the setup fly out in the Sentry UI and the feature flags UI.

</Alert>

> Link your external feature flag integrations with Sentry to provide feature flag insights right inside the Sentry UI. Linking one or more integrations will allow you to view recent flag evaluations in one place and identify potential suspect flags related to errors. In addition, Sentry will provide insights on feature flag updates relative to error event timelines.

Reviewer: "Linking one or more integrations" is it typical for folks to have more than one FF integrations? :o

Reviewer 2: Sentry had like four different ways of handling feature flags at one point lol.  I hope its not typical but it is supported.

> Link your external feature flag integrations with Sentry to provide feature flag insights right inside the Sentry UI. Linking one or more integrations will allow you to view recent flag evaluations in one place and identify potential suspect flags related to errors. In addition, Sentry will provide insights on feature flag updates relative to error event timelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link your external feature flag integrations with Sentry to provide feature flag insights right inside Sentry's [Issue Details](/product/issues/issue-details/) page. Linking one or more integrations will allow you to view recent flag evaluations in one place and identify potential suspect flags related to errors. In addition, Sentry will provide insights on feature flag changes relative to error volume over time.
```

Reviewer 2: Exposition will be handled elsewhere 👍

To set up **feature flag evaluation tracking**, you will need to set up your language-specific SDK to include Sentry's feature flag integration. 

Learn more about the integrations available for JavaScript and how to set them up:
- [OpenFeature](/platforms/javascript/integrations/openfeature/)

> - [LaunchDarkly](/platforms/javascript/integrations/launchdarkly/)

Reviewer 3: Just a reminder to make sure these links are live before merging 🐸

> Please read the note below to ensure that you also complete one additional step.

Reviewer 3: Similar to the other PR, I think this sentence can be omitted.

<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

> In order to take full advantage of the feature flag capabilities Sentry offers, there is an additional setup step needed, which is setting up your integration-specific webhook. This is needed to enable **feature flag change tracking**, so that your integration may communicate feature flag changes to Sentry. Learn how to set this up by [reading the docs](/product/explore/feature-flags/#set-up-your-integration-specific-webhook). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to take full advantage of the feature flag capabilities Sentry offers, there is an additional set up step needed, which is setting up your integration-specific webhook. This is needed to enable **feature flag change tracking**, so that your integration can communicate feature flag changes to Sentry. Learn how to set this up by [reading the docs](/product/explore/feature-flags/#set-up-your-integration-specific-webhook). 
```

> In order to take full advantage of the feature flag capabilities Sentry offers, there is an additional setup step needed, which is setting up your integration-specific webhook. This is needed to enable **feature flag change tracking**, so that your integration may communicate feature flag changes to Sentry. Learn how to set this up by [reading the docs](/product/explore/feature-flags/#set-up-your-integration-specific-webhook). 

Reviewer: Can we have this note as Step 1 or prerequisite inside LaunchDarkly and OpenFeature set up docs? That makes more sense imo
